I have done as you asked.
What more do you want?
They just came to stay at home for a few days
You don't want to
I didn't say I didn't want to
I just feel uncomfortable having outsiders living at home
exist
outsider
In total, your mother can come and live whenever she wants
My mother became an outsider as soon as she came
An Tong, you are too selfish
I usually listen to you in everything
But I'm in charge of this, and I live at home
You talk, talk
Don't talk about my mother
I tell you Xu Zeyu
I said no, no
Hum An Tong
You're too strong.
I usually follow you in everything
But now you're too much to let my mother live
What do you want me to explain?
How can I look up in front of my family?
You asked me to consider your feelings
You considered my feelings
Did you consider me?
I said no, no
Okay, if you say so
I have nothing to tell you
Xu Zeyu
If you go, you'll never come back